R Studio Homeowork <- Swirl

Lesson 1: "Basic Building Blocks"

Lesson one focused on the basics of math in R, including the sqrt() and div() functions.
It also discussed some quick shortcuts such as hitting up to redo a command or
hitting tab when typing in variable names.



Lesson 2: "Workspace and Files"

This lesson discussed API commands - common commands for file interaction. Lots of the
exersices were based around creating and deleting directories. This lesson also discussed 
basics behind a theory of look, but don't disturb. 



Lesson 3: "Sequences of Numbers"

Lesson 3 was based around creating number sequences - there are a multitude of functions 
with this ability, a large one simply being a colon ":". Rep and seq are also options which
can sequence. 



Lesson 4: "Vectors"

One of the most basic data structures for large systems of data. There are atomic and mixed 
vectors. Operators are also introduced here (less than, greater than, equal to, not 
equal, etc). It also discusses concatenating vectors of mixed type. 



Lesson 5: "Missing Values"

R automatically keeps NA values when they appear in vectors. This is good for math
operation, but requires note when searching for "NA" values in vectors as a '==' will 
not return a true representation. An option for getting NA values is is.na(). Nan is also a
value representative for "Not a Number"



Lesson 6: "Subsetting Vectors"

There are 4 different vector types to index: logical, integer +, integer -, and char.
is.na() and !is.na() help seperate NA data in vectors. It is also important to note that
R will index value that don't exist in a vector as either NA or numeric(0).d


Lesson 7: "Matrices and Data Frames"

You can assign vectors dimensions and you can create "dimensioned" vectors - i.e. matrices
It is important to remember that matrices can only contain one class of data therefore
it is necassary to assign the class or risk implicity coercion. Data forms seem to be a 
representative of matrices which all contain one class. This lesson also discussed naming
columns and rows using colname() and data.frame()



Lesson 8: "Logic"

Boolean Logic => 'TRUE' 'FALSE'. There are lots of operators related to logic statements
such as ! or which() or xor() that allow for complex logic statements in R. 
Any() and all() are also important functions which return true or false based on combined
logic - more than one true or false statement being evaluated



Lesson 9: "Functions"

Lessong 9 discusses 







